Document TCP transport method for integration aurora_abb_powerone (#41079)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/aurora_abb_powerone.markdown

PVI-3.0/3.6/4.2-TL-OUTD ABB series, and may work on others.
The inverter was formerly made by PowerOne who got taken over by ABB.

> This integration supports Serial- and TCP/IP-based transport connections to the inverter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration supports Serial and TCP/IP based transport connections to the inverter.
```

This integration creates the inverter as a device with three sensors, reporting live power output in Watts, energy generated in kWh and device temperature.

Note the PV inverter will be unresponsive to communications when in darkness,
so the sensors will report 'Unavailable' during the night.

> The RS485 connection can be made using a low-cost USB-RS485 converter. For TCP/IP-based connections, any Ethernet-RS485 gateway might be sufficient. It works using a 2-wire interface but an interface with a separate ground reference may be more reliable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The direct RS485 connection can be made using a low-cost USB-RS485 converter. It works using a 2-wire interface but an interface with a separate ground reference may be more reliable. For TCP/IP-based connections, any Ethernet-RS485 gateway may work.
```
